I touched it!
I hit it!
That brat with the glasses just won't give up.
Would you let me handle the timing...
for the three-person block?
They finally executed it perfectly.
Total defense.
All right!
Nice receive, Nishinoya!
It was only possible because you guys forced him to the side.
Great job on the block timing!
Oh, right.
I see!
That block wasn't done to stop Ushiwaka but to guide the ball.
Nice cooperation!
That was sort of like mobbing.
Mobbing?
Um, mobbing is where smaller birds will attack larger, predatory birds in groups to try to chase them away.
You know some pretty cool words, Yacchan.
Using a block intended to keep the rally going as a starting point, they brought together every aspect of volleyball.
They were finally able to give it shape.
Yeah.
Total defense is so cool!
Even if we can't block him,
we'll be able to fight Ushiwaka with this.
They were finally able to dig out one of Ushiwaka's spikes!
Things are getting interesting!
Damn it, they've squandered two sets!
Does that old guy secretly like Karasuno?
I don't know what's with him.
Give us a good one, Asahi!
It's going out!
Yeah!
Seriously?
All right, two points in a row!
Finish this set off in one go!
They definitely got us with that serve, but we're going to turn things around!
Right!
Give us another good serve, Asahi!
Tsutomu!
Right!
Nice receive!
Oohira.
Got it!
It wasn't Ushiwaka this time?
I'm sure they're worried about his stamina.
Ready, and... go!
Tch.
A tip!
Sorry! It's going—
Victory is mine!
Yeah!
Not yet. We still need two more points.
Just how uptight are you?
Ushiwaka is in the back row now.
But...
that means he gets to serve.
It's mine!
Get the last hit over!
Ryuu!
Got it!
This is a chance to score!
Gimme!
Where is he—
A dump?!
Damn it!
Nice dump, Shirabu!
Shirabu! Shirabu!
Depending on Ushijima...
isn't the only thing I do.
All right!
Not bad.
Nice job, Shirabu!
Sorry.
I shouldn't have touched the ball.
Nah, I wouldn't have been able to get that either way.
This is no time to relax!
Right!
They got to set point first!
Is something wrong?
It seemed like Kei was acting a little weird to me.
I might just be imagining it.
His eyes seem much more lively than usual.
Does Kei actually have friends at school besides Tadashi?
Is it going out?
No...
Cover it!
Left!
Tanaka!
Three blockers!
A wipe!
Nice!
Nice, Ryuu!
Now it's a deuce.
All right!
We're counting on you, Hinata!
Make sure you get some payback!
Hey.
Now Suga can't be subbed in again, right?
Yeah.
There's a rule where the same player can't be switched in twice within the same set.
But we survived Ushiwaka's serve.
Now we amp up our offense with Hinata in the front row.
Karasuno definitely has the upper hand!
Give us a good serve, Tsukishima!
I hit it!
Hey.
If they can dig out my serve cleanly, there's a good chance of them doing a fast attack.
Try jumping as high as you can against number five.
Let's score here!
Bring it!
Give it to me!
All right!
A payback setter dump...
Man, competitive people are scary.
They're bad for my heart.
Nice, Kageyama!
Yeah, great job, King.
Tsukishima!
Yes! They took back the lead!
Now it's our set point!
Karasuno, keep fighting!
I'm sure this is extremely obvious,
but it truly is hard to score two points in a row.
Well, volleyball was designed so that each side has equal opportunities to attack.
Not to mention, when we get into the last part of the set, each side gets that much more eager to win.
But each side has to start whittling down their opponent's defense.
Even with pure height and power, their ability to keep the ball in play,
and, to some extent, the calmness and stamina to maintain teamwork...
In order to win, they need the tremendous amount of energy required to score two points in a row.
Even with the set on the line, they're still hitting their serves hard.
They really are good.
Sorry, it went long!
Kageyama, push it over!
Got it!
Nice, Tsutomu!
We can score here!
He's... ...trying to fake us out?
He's sending it over there?
There's... one and a half blockers!
All right!
Damn. He sure is a first-rate decoy.
Nice spike, Tanaka!
Did he set to number five because he knew we'd be watching number ten?
Nice set, Kageyama!
Actually, it was a little early. I'm sorry.
You sure are hard on yourself.
It really does piss people off when Hinata is scuttling around in front of them.
Go as wild as you can,
you deviant duo.
You fools!
Shiratorizawa's taking their first timeout!
Shiratorizawa!
It's true we've never faced any team like them before.
Still, there's no reason to panic at every little thing they try.
Shiratorizawa!
We just have to score points like we usually do.
Anyway, let's focus on scoring twice!
Yes, sir!
Shiratorizawa!
Man, after the first set, I thought it'd be an easy win for Shiratorizawa.
Is Karasuno what you call a dark horse?
They used to be a powerhouse school too.
Yeah, you're right.
They've got Nishinoya from Chidoriyama, Kageyama from Kita First, and Azumane from Seikoudai.
It's quite the lineup.
Even if it gets rough or you start to panic, don't start slacking now!
All right!
They can't seem to get those last two points.
I'm pretty sure both teams are thinking that.
However, if Karasuno loses this set, they're toast.
You have to pull through!
We're counting on you, Eita.
Right!
Semi! Go hit a good serve!
Shiratorizawa is using a pinch server?
Give us a good serve, Eita!
Sorry!
Daichi!
Above you, Shirabu!
Right!
Semi!
Come get it, Tsutomu!
Right!
All right!
That's two in a row!
Yeah!
Goshiki!
Oh yeah, he's a setter.
Concentrate on this point!
Right!
Give us a good one!
Daichi!
Damn it! It's short!
Yes! The receive is off!
Huh?!
All right!
They did a fast attack from there?! They're seriously messed up!
Nice spike, Hinata!
Looks like conventional logic doesn't apply to Karasuno either.
Who does Karasuno's setter think he is?
Give us a good serve, Tanaka!
Got it!
Come on... Score again!
Left!
Yes!
Wakatoshi!
Three blockers!
Wow, it looks like that libero's really getting the hang of it.
But Ushiwaka's still only using about 70% of his strength.
Would you be able to receive those?
Not a chance.
Damn it!
Sorry! It was close to the net!
We can't give up yet! We're just getting started!
Give us a good one, Shirabu!
Got it!
Nice receive!
Right!
All right!
Shit!
Nice, Daichi!
Yes!
Of course not.
Our bodies are different.
Our experience levels are different.
The amount of time we've spent on volleyball is different.
There's no way I can beat Ushiwaka.
But...
I was hoping they could score twice in a row while they still had Hinata as a decoy.
He looks so anxious in the back row.
He sucks at both serving and digs.
Give us a good serve, Hinata!
Right!
If their number five's guess blocking is worth either 120 points or 0 points,
I'd say read blocking stays around an average of 75 points.
Well, our blocks definitely need more work,
but maybe it looks cooler to bystanders when people go for the block worth 120 points.
Give us a good serve!
We can't let the opposing setter feel the pleasure or sense of accomplishment from overcoming our blocks.
Got it!
We have to be persistent, tenacious, and nimble at the same time.
Nice receive!
We absolutely...
can't just let them get through.
We have to continue pressuring them and piling on stress.
I touched it!
Keep it going!
Hit it over!
Nice, Tachi!
Got it!
You suck at serving, you suck at receiving, and your setting and blocking are below average.
So what do you do on the court?
You score points!
All right!
Two in a row!
A back row attack with minus tempo!
Great job, Hinata!
He's gotten even faster since that time Oikawa stopped him!
Taichi! Don't just stand there!
Nah, getting that one was impossible.
Nice job making contact!
Give us another good serve, Hinata!
If it weren't for Hinata saving it, it would've been just like he blew right through my block.
But if you didn't get a hand on it, we might've been done right then and there.
Shirabu.
I want them all.
Crap!
Is it going out?
If I guess wrong, they'll kill me!
It stayed in!
His receive is off.
I'm sorry!
Wakatoshi!
We've got three blockers.
Ready, and... go!
Nice spike, Ushijima!
Ushijima!
That was ferocious.
It was like he changed the momentum of the match with a single swing of his arm.
Don't fall behind! Keep being aggressive!
Right!
What an intense serve.
Yes!
A synchronized attack!
If we have the power to score points, we won't lose!
Yeah!
Give us a good serve, Daichi!
Ushijima!
Ready, and... go!
Give up already!
Get it back over!
Nice, Daichi!
Here's our chance!
I have to open the way... for our spiker!
I was waiting for this fraying caused by slight annoyance and panic...
to appear.
Of course not.
But...
I plan on stopping at least a few of his spikes.
He stopped Ushiwaka?!
Who is that guy?!
No idea!
Amazing!
They took back the second set!
It's merely one block.
It's merely one point out of 25.
This is merely a club.
But if you ever experience that moment,
that's when you'll be hooked on volleyball.
All right!
Tsukishima!
Ow!
There wasn't any weakness in his approach or his jump for that spike.
But the set was probably a bit close to the net and low.
Tsukishima didn't let that escape him.
Or... was he waiting for that?
Sorry for saying something about how we could still fight even if we couldn't stop him with our blocks.
Huh?
You made a weird face when I said that.
Huh?!
No, I just thought that Tsukki was working so hard.
Despite how he looks, he hates losing, so I figured he'd probably do something.
Nice block, Tsukishima!
Great job stopping that!
I'm sure other blockers as good as I am have gone up against Ushiwaka before,
but I think that Nishinoya's receives and the deviant duo's attack that completely ignores their blocks
helped put pressure on their setter.
You thought about all that?
That's scary.
You're scary, Tsukishima.
I think that Kei might've been waiting this whole time for the timing of Shiratorizawa's sets to be off slightly.
I can't believe he thought that far ahead.
Tsukishima is smart,
so I believe he's always thinking, whether it be about volleyball or something else.
I'm sure he's pretty stubborn.
Sorry about that.
Oh, no...
It's just that at that moment, I think the only thing on his mind was stopping that spike.
He was focused solely on that,
like he was solving a difficult question on a test.
Yeah.
Tsukishima!
That one point was worth 100 points!
Thanks.
What?!
Calm down, Hinata!
I know his face says, "If you're a middle blocker, you should give try it too," but calm down!
Please stop causing a scene.
That was merely one point.
The match is just getting started.
Yeah!
Tsukki finally stopped Ushiwaka!
Kei usually doesn't show his emotions and is blunt,
but he actually works really hard, is kind, and is a good kid...
Who are you, his mother?!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"One vs. Many."
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Four: The Halo Around the Moon
Episode Five: One vs. Many Episode Five: One vs. Many
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
Shiratorizawa                 Karasuno
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno Karasuno Shiratorizawa
Karasuno Shiratorizawa Karasuno
Shiratorizawa Karasuno Shiratorizawa
Shiratorizawa Karasuno
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
If you're a middle blocker, you should give it a try too
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu